there's a surprise under the tree when
doing it could be sweet gifs from
strawburry17
the bracelet or headband maybe this you
claim to chicken out wanna wish you a
Merry Christmas
where's your birthday Christmas wishes
from the farm I
while playing Super Mario
make your cartoon below Bastrop 70
it's time to bust out the green screen
that's so strawburry17
I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas from
the bottom of my heart
and with you to represent an exotic
island time I'm presenting you with some
holiday cheer
my
I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas I
wanna wish you a beary Christmas I wanna
wish you Merry Christmas from the bottom
of my heart
be sure to give this video a thumbs up
and favorite if you liked it buried
Christmas is available on iTunes so go
ahead and check out the links in the
doobly do you guys want to support me
and purchase the song it's only 99 cents
special thanks to my friend Hannah she
helped me write this song I came to her
with a general idea what I wanted to do
and she wrote all the lyrics and all the
music and everything so her channel is
that in the doobly-doo and somewhere on
the screen so you guys can click it
check her out she makes a really really
awesome videos has a wonderful voice and
also my friend Erin who did the male
vocals for this song thanks so much for
watching my videos make sure you guys
check out my two recent music videos
which will play off do this and I hope
you guys have a wonderful Christmas
I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas I
wanna wish you a beary Christmas I wanna
wish you Merry Christmas from the bottom
of my heart